barf on the shore for me it's just a lot
of fun now watching all my heroes racing
on it it's a fantastic experience to be
here it's a home race it's were grew up
and it's a very legendary race as well
this is I think the gt3 race with the
biggest importance in the year and win
this race this is really see something
you have to fight forward in this race
now we are again we are quite strong
regarding a number of cars with four
teams and eight cars and competition
beside the freshly ground Nuerburgring
winners Rene Rast and Marcus vinkel Hawk
the lemoore winners Marcel Fassler and
real otra and Benoit feeling yay amongst
others attacked the biggest gt3 race in
the world I think for them it's quite
different to what they're used to
because the difference between an LNP
one was harboring power and the gt3 car
for sure is quite important but I think
they like this challenge that's why they
go for it
and each face the goal is to win I don't
want to give any prognosis but it deep
in my heart we hope to win of course
open race a very historical race with
Lara history behind and downhill for the
first time heading down to also jealous
and rapini touched it behind him and get
to the corner safety of this massive
backup car first few minutes and half an
hour was quite ok I think and was good
racing and afterwards we stepped from
one unlucky situation into another
never seen so many of lexan so many
heavy accidents before although the
weather conditions have been really fine
and as you can see as far a red flag is
being shown the race is being suspended
our drivers they really acted very
professional estate out of every trouble
and and so because of that I think we
are in a good position
I hope now that everything settles and
we come to a smooth race now after about
an hour suspension the race was
restarted and the aldi Armada resumed
the battle with the art n roller coaster
Oh
there's been an outstanding these lasts
since the present Rene Rast in the rd
we finally made it back on podium which
I'm very happy about and the team did a
brilliant job howdy leads the charge on
24 hours of spa through into the leaders
got running around yeah it's a cool
feeling absolutely I think this is
something i probably will realize
tomorrow today I'm just happy about this
as a Belgium driver with the bells
routine of your tea with the support of
all the Belgium the biggest gt3 raised
in the world which is in Belgium you
it's a perfect story you can't wish for
more
all rights overwhelming that's always a
what I can say we started with the
second place in Daytona 1.6 seconds
after the leader and then the the big
race of audi sport in in the more than
Nurburgring and now the third victory in
a 24-hour race so it's unbelievable its
agreement yeah so that's although they
can say